index.md, before:

## Portfolio

### Cyclistic Customer Analytics Dashboard

[Interactive dashboard](https://lookerstudio.google.com/s/iQMxOSAScu4) I developed using Google Looker as part of the case study for the Google Data Business Intelligence Professional Certificate program.

<img src="images/cyclistic_dashboard_image.png?raw=true" style="display:block; border:0;"/>

### Cyclistic Analysis and Presentation

[Presentation](https://github.com/dtminnick/cyclistic/blob/main/inst/extdata/reference/Cyclistic%20Marketing%20Strategy%20Recommendations.pdf) I developed as part of the case study for the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate program.  Details of my analysis are contained in [this Github repository](https://github.com/dtminnick/cyclistic).

<img src="images/cyclistic_presentation_image.jpg?raw=true" style="display:block; border:0;"/>

---

### Sunspot Data

[Consolidated sunspot dataset](https://github.com/dtminnick/sunspot) I created from 143 fixed-width ASCII files on NASA's Solar Physics website, containing records for sunspot observations for the years 1874 through 2016.

---

### R Codebits

Useful codebits I developed to streamline and solve data analysis problems.

[Count active events](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/count_by_hour_interval.md) by hour interval.

[Create a Likert diverging stacked bar chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/likert_diverging_stacked_chart.md) using the `ggstats` library.

[Create a raincloud chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/raincloud_chart.md) to visualize variation.

[Create a sankey chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/sankey_chart.md) to visualize a process flow.

[Generate a calendar table](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/create_calendar_table.md) using the `dplyr` library.

[Generate a frequency distribution table](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/frequency_distribution_table.md) using the `dplyr` library.

[List and import files](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/list_and_extract_aws_files.md) from the Amazon cloud storage using the `aws.s2` library.

[Reconcile record counts](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/file_reconciliation.md) when combining multiple files.

---

### Other Projects

- [Project 1 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 2 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 3 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 4 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 5 Title](http://example.com/)

---

<p style="font-size:11px">Page template forked from <a href="https://github.com/evanca/quick-portfolio">evanca</a></p>
<!-- Remove above link if you don't want to attibute -->

Commit message:

Added line event chart codebit

index.md, after:

## Portfolio

### Cyclistic Customer Analytics Dashboard

[Interactive dashboard](https://lookerstudio.google.com/s/iQMxOSAScu4) I developed using Google Looker as part of the case study for the Google Data Business Intelligence Professional Certificate program.

<img src="images/cyclistic_dashboard_image.png?raw=true" style="display:block; border:0;"/>

### Cyclistic Analysis and Presentation

[Presentation](https://github.com/dtminnick/cyclistic/blob/main/inst/extdata/reference/Cyclistic%20Marketing%20Strategy%20Recommendations.pdf) I developed as part of the case study for the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate program.  Details of my analysis are contained in [this Github repository](https://github.com/dtminnick/cyclistic).

<img src="images/cyclistic_presentation_image.jpg?raw=true" style="display:block; border:0;"/>

---

### Sunspot Data

[Consolidated sunspot dataset](https://github.com/dtminnick/sunspot) I created from 143 fixed-width ASCII files on NASA's Solar Physics website, containing records for sunspot observations for the years 1874 through 2016.

---

### R Codebits

Useful codebits I developed to streamline and solve data analysis problems.

[Combined line event chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/combined_line_event_xhart.md) to show metric values and related events that influence that metric.

[Count active events](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/count_by_hour_interval.md) by hour interval.

[Create a Likert diverging stacked bar chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/likert_diverging_stacked_chart.md) using the `ggstats` library.

[Create a raincloud chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/raincloud_chart.md) to visualize variation.

[Create a sankey chart](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/sankey_chart.md) to visualize a process flow.

[Generate a calendar table](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/create_calendar_table.md) using the `dplyr` library.

[Generate a frequency distribution table](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/frequency_distribution_table.md) using the `dplyr` library.

[List and import files](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/list_and_extract_aws_files.md) from the Amazon cloud storage using the `aws.s2` library.

[Reconcile record counts](https://github.com/dtminnick/codebits/blob/main/R/file_reconciliation.md) when combining multiple files.

---

### Other Projects

- [Project 1 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 2 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 3 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 4 Title](http://example.com/)
- [Project 5 Title](http://example.com/)

---

<p style="font-size:11px">Page template forked from <a href="https://github.com/evanca/quick-portfolio">evanca</a></p>
<!-- Remove above link if you don't want to attibute -->
